was heaps of old greasy cards scattered around over the floor,
and old whisky bottles, and a couple of masks made out of black
cloth; and all over the walls was the ignorantest kind of words and
pictures, made with charcoal. There was two old dirty calico
dresses, and a sun-bonnet, and some women’s under-clothes, hang-
ing against the wall, and some men’s clothing, too. We put the
lot into the canoe; it might come good. There was a boy's
old speckled straw hat on the floor; I took that too. And
there was a bottle that had had milk in it; and it had a rag
stopper for a baby to suck. We would a took the bottle, but
it was broke. There was a seedy old chest, and an old hair
trunk with the hinges broke. They stood open, but there
warn’t nothing left in them that was any account. The way
things was scattered about, we reckoned the people left ina
hurry and warn't fixed so as to carry off most of their stuff.

We got an old tin lantern, and a butcher knife without any
handle, and a bran-new Barlow knife worth two bits in any
store, and a lot of tallow candles, and a tin candlestick, and a
gourd, and a tin cup, and a ratty old bed-quilt off the bed, and
a reticule with needles aud pins and beeswax and buttons and
thread and all such truck in it, and a hatchet and some nails,
and a fish-line as thick as my little finger, with some monstrous
hooks on it, and a roll of buckskin, and a leather dog-collar,
and a horse-shoe, and some vials of medicine that didn’t have
no label on them; and just as we was leaving I found a toler-
able good curry-comb, and Jim he found a ratty old fiddle-bow,
and a wooden leg. The straps was broke off of it, but barring
that, it was a good enough leg, though it was too long for me
and not long enough for Jim, and we couldn’t find the other
one, though we hunted all around.

And so, take it all around, we made a good haul. When
we was ready to shove off, we was a quarter of a mile below the
island, and it was pretty broad day; soI made Jim lay down
